Expand intro in hooks reference (#2070)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.16/reference/hooks.md

  - [Capture the process tree](#capture-the-process-tree)
  - [Check hook using token substitution](#check-hook-using-token-substitution)

Hooks are commands the agent executes in response to a check result before creating a monitoring event. 

> Hooks create context-rich events by gathering related information based on the exit status code of a check (ex: `1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hooks enrich monitoring event context by gathering relevant information based on the exit status code of a check (ex: `1`).
```

> Hook commands can also receive JSON serialized Sensu client data via `STDIN`, and you can create, manage, and reuse hooks independently of checks.

Reviewer: I think this is burying the lede a bit. IMO reusability of hooks (an operator feature) is likely a bigger selling point than the capability for hook plugins to receive event input (a plugin developer feature).

Author: I moved the reusability point into the second sentence and added "reusable" to the first sentence. What do you think?

I will also change "related" to "relevant" in the glossary definition for hooks.
